#summary This page describes the versions of Sailcut8 available for download.
#labels Featured

1. *sailcut8-packageV1.0.zip*

This is the original version of Sailcut8 from Robert Laine.  

Download this .zip archive file and unzip it into a folder on your computer.  Run the setup.exe to install Sailcut8.  You need to install this version before the #2 version listed below.

2. *sailcut8ss.exe*

This is an 'under development' version of Sailcut8 that has been donated by Steve Studley.  This version adds more languages, a choice of measurement units, a re-arranged user interface, and a choice between Van Loan and Hasler-McLeod style sail plans.

If you want to try this version then you must first install the original sailcut8 package (item 1. above) and then download this file (sailcut8ss.exe) into the the same directory that you used for sailcut8.  This is probably C:\Program Files\Sailcut8.

Double click the sailcut8ss.exe file to start this version of sailcut8.  You may want to create your own shortcut to this file for future use.

3. *sailcut8100507-2.zip*

This is a zipped copy of sailcut8.exe. Put in any dir by itself and if you have the vb6 runtime on your computer it will work. This has a lot of little fixes that were needed.

Go ahead and set a shortcut to, there is no setup program involved.

By the way, if you do download this program, please check the credits. You will see how many people from the junkrig list have contributed to this package over the years.

Thanks for all the help. Any one wanting to add to the wiki for a help file would be appreciated.

Sailcut8 data files of interest could be posted to the group files folder.


